# Application system

The Reset Open Call application system can be found at [https://apply.reset.tech/login/](https://apply.reset.tech/login/). All reviewers have been provided a login for use. If your login does not work, experience a bug, have a feature request, or want to raise an issue with the application system you can either email the person you engage with most at Reset, [hello@reset.tech](mailto://hello@reset.tech), start a discussion thread on our community discussion forum​, or create an issue on our ​Github page​.

Once logged in, the best place to start is your workbench. From the workbench, you can find all the applications available for your review - those that are in the state “Council review”. You can also search for any applications that have ever been in this state before, regardless of final outcome \(approved or dismissed\). The accounts of NIC members have access to most data related to the application, including: reviews by the Reset team, the determination messages Reset sends applicants as formal feedback \(either requesting further information, dismissing, or approving their application\), including our final determination, sent to applicants and applicants responses to Reset feedback. We encourage you to explore these materials to better understand the issues previously raised by the Reset team during the course of our review.

The proposals currently under NIC review can be found on your workbench. NIC members complete the same proposal review form as Reset team members. The form includes a list of 11 categories that need to be completed. A rating of between 0-5 is required for each category. Text boxes allow reviewers to offer additional thoughts on any category. While we appreciate reviews of any sort, we encourage NIC members to include substantive feedback, both positive and negative.

